Jade hey hey how's it going I'm good
wow it smells citrusy in here yeah I
really sensitive the smells nice
so what do you like to do you a few time
a lot of lonely karaoke
what's your favorite song to sing in the
shower you don't have to me how no wow
you're good
let's you fit me color what are you
studying right now I'm in the Chinese
language how is it it's sometimes slow I
guess can you speak Chinese I'm getting
there
who idiot nice
so what do you miss most about home
teenies hmm me too
what's your favorite canteen probably
that one down there what
how would you describe him hot with a
song lyric ice-cold baby it's ice cold
is it cold it's really cold
how would you describe your room with us
on lyric what's the best part about
living here the view what's the worst
part about living here so what's
something you want to do before you
leave here not dying from air pollution
if that's even possible so uh you have
any tips for a new coming students wear
masks and get ready for a bad traffic
and bad driving is it really bad that's
pretty bad so I was you're watching like
no the washroom is off-limits
no it's a drug to it we got show that
you're watching it's not complete
without a watching wash well you gotta
show them yeah so this is it huh wow
it's a really small yeah that's enough
of that
so Jude I got one more question for you
yeah do you want to come over for some
tea yeah because we got to show them my
AP room it's a little bit different than
yours okay let's go
after you oh thank you
all right so this is it that's my washer
I don't really cook by my roommate does
curry all the time don't look at a sink
and that is my kitchen the jokes done
half through it's a it's almost as small
as yours it's pretty small yeah why do
you have a toothbrush if you don't know
I came with the house
yeah you know what sex now the toy is
connected right with the shower so it
gets wet all the time but never mind
that this is my room
[Music]
thank you I love how you have so many
plans
I love plans too that's pretty clean I
like to keep my workspace clean thank
you do you want to show me around yeah
that's my bed right there that's my
light right there that's my knowledge
right there that's my clothes right
there and uh these are my hair products
I'm a desk I'm proud of this desk it's
pretty aesthetic and do you want some
tea yeah all right just hold this for
one second
[Music]
all right so this is green tea right
here I must speak it every morning I
love it
careful it's hot
[Music]
there you go alright so how about now we
answer some questions because I found
some other dorm videos and there were a
lot of unanswered questions so I
compiled a list of them and we'll just
answer them for the viewers all right
hmm cheers Cheers
well that's a lot that is really hot get
to the questions I'm wondering if my
Chinese girlfriend can spend the night
no they strict as Hale you gotta be
quick rough our visiting hour ends at